Clarify unique Fastly credentials per environment (#8072)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.md

## Get Fastly credentials {#cloud-fastly-creds}

> During project provisioning, Magento adds your project to the [Fastly service account]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/cdn/cloud-fastly.html#fastly-service-account-and-credentials) for {{ site.data.var.ece }} and Fastly account credentials to the Staging environment configuration and the Production environment configuration. Each environment has unique credentials.

Author: ```suggestion
During project provisioning, Magento adds your project to the [Fastly service account]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/cdn/cloud-fastly.html#fastly-service-account-and-credentials) for {{ site.data.var.ece }} and creates Fastly account credentials for the Starter `master` and Pro Staging and Production environments. Each environment has unique credentials.
```
